Sure, so my name is Mohammed Haseeb and I'm born and brought up in Mumbai.. I've completed my graduation in 2017  
About my experience I have worked with First source solution From January 2018 till December 2020
It was a U.S process,
My job was to Call the customer and sell the product of the company Such as broadband, cable and voice services
After that, I got an opportunity to work with Airtel from March 2021 till Now.
My job was to call the Client and pitch for the product such as Lease line, voice and data.                             
If I have to talk about my family background. I belong to a nuclear family consists of 4 members
my father, mother and I've a younger sister in my family. 
My father is a tiles constructor, my mother is a house maker and my younger sister is still studyig.
As far as my hobbies are concerned I love traveling and playing cricket.

 

 My admission into the school was late. My school admission was late

  
*Because I believe I'm good at convincing, I can easily convenience people over the call

*I like Juhu beach, parks, I love the weather, and the people around me.
*Dislike about my locality is that the roads are damaged! Almost every road has got potholes,
garbage everywhere, lots of traffic, Traffic on roads causes air and noise pollution. We should always clean our locality
 

*you did bsc then why bpo? yes, I did BSc but it was not my choice my parents want me to do it but when I got graduate I finally make them convince that is 
l;,.not my cup of tea and I cannot work in a similar field and then I got the opportunity to work with a bpo and I started my career with the first source 
and then after, I have the faith that its a growing industry that's the reason I'm still in this Industry

*one of the biggest bpo and I wanted to meet my career out with this company many of my friends are working, and it's very good company to start a carrier
with this company

bpo is one of the leading industries many of my friends were working in bpo                                    they are getting Good pay.
and the growth in a BPO is much Faster in comparison to other industries.

I would have Rent a BMW and drive it for 3 hours or more and go to all my favorite places in Mumbai like Juhu, Matheran, 
After that, I would have watched my favorite movie with my GF for the very last time.
I may have also eaten my favorite foods. 
I would have spent all my money. 
And at the end, I'd have met my family and friends and just spend the rest of the time with them.